changes to nf-core teams (#1544)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/about.md

- [@MaxUlysse](https://github.com/MaxUlysse): Maxime Garcia
- [@mirpedrol](https://github.com/mirpedrol): Júlia Mir Pedrol
- [@mribeirodantas](https://github.com/mribeirodantas): Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas

> - [@FranBonath](https://github.com/FranBonath): Franziska Bonath

Reviewer: I think names are alphabetically ordered, so you can go 🆙 🙂

Author: Hm, I fail to see that order. Harshil and Phil would be way too far up in that case. Do we want it to be alphabetical?

Reviewer 2: I think it used to be by last name, but somehow it got messed up (or maybe some people sorted by first and some by last? 😆

Reviewer: Isn't it by github ID?

Author: I think you are right @mirpedrol 😆. Ok, I'll correct it then.

- [@olgabot](https://github.com/olgabot): Olga Botvinnik
- [@sven1103](https://github.com/sven1103): Sven F.
- [@renbot-bio](https://github.com/renbot-bio): Renuka Kudva
- [@Xesus-Abalo](https://github.com/Xesus-Abalo): Xesús M. Abalo

## Outreach team {#outreach}

The outreach team is responsible for organising hackathons, the `#bytesize` seminar series and other community outreach efforts.

> This team includes all of the `@core-team` mentioned above, but mainly responsible are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This team includes all of the `@core-team` mentioned above, but the people in charge are:
```
Or maybe we wanted  to emphasize that all 3 of you are in charge

- [@christopher-hakkaart](https://github.com/christopher-hakkaart): Chris Hakkaart
- [@FranBonath](https://github.com/FranBonath): Franziska Bonath

> - [@mribeirodantas](https://github.com/mribeirodantas): Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas

Reviewer 3: Aren't both @FranBonath, @christopher-hakkaart and @mribeirodantas part of `@core-team` already?

Author: yes, that's why I changed the text in the outreach team paragraph. I think it is good to have official contact persons for outreach stuff.
